protocol_workflow_tasks/README.md, before:

# workflow
Workflows are defined using mermaid-js-powered graphs to show what order tasks in the protocol must follow.
The over-arching workflow for tasks in the cruise is:

```mermaid
graph TD

start((start)) 
pre{{pre_cruise}} 
post1{{post_cruise}} 
post2{{post_cruise_2}}
post2 
post_nasa{{post_nasa_hplc_results}}
```

Once you have completed a task you must add a row to the cruise_checklist logsheet for that cruise in box.com.
The `cruise_checklist` sheet is located in `/imars_mbon_scruises/{cruiseYear}/{cruise_id}/metadata/fknms_sample_logsheet_{cruise_month}_{cruise_year}_{cruise_id}.xlsx`.

The entries should resemble:
```csv
task_name, your_name, datetime, notes
cdom_schedule, Tylar, 2023-09-01T12:22, 
merge_meta_edna, Tylar, 2023-09-01T11:43, took a long time to run
```


folder | notes
------|---------
old                    | scripts that are not part of the current protocol, but may be useful in the future
pre_cruise             |  do this before going on the cruise
post_cruise            | do this immediately after returning
post_cruise_2          | do this after the cruise but not immediately
post_nasa_cdom_results | do this after data comes back from NASA

Commit message:

+ during_cruise node in graph

protocol_workflow_tasks/README.md, after:

# workflow
Workflows are defined using mermaid-js-powered graphs to show what order tasks in the protocol must follow.
The over-arching workflow for tasks in the cruise is:

```mermaid
graph TD
start((start)) 
pre{{pre_cruise}} 
during{{during_cruise}}
post1{{post_cruise}} 
post2{{post_cruise_2}}
post2 
post_nasa{{post_nasa_hplc_results}}

start -->
pre -->
during -->
post1 -->
post2 -- "wait for nasa" --> 
post_nasa 
```

Once you have completed a task you must add a row to the cruise_checklist logsheet for that cruise in box.com.
The `cruise_checklist` sheet is located in `/imars_mbon_scruises/{cruiseYear}/{cruise_id}/metadata/fknms_sample_logsheet_{cruise_month}_{cruise_year}_{cruise_id}.xlsx`.

The entries should resemble:
```csv
task_name, your_name, datetime, notes
cdom_schedule, Tylar, 2023-09-01T12:22, 
merge_meta_edna, Tylar, 2023-09-01T11:43, took a long time to run
```

folder | notes
------|---------
old                    | scripts that are not part of the current protocol, but may be useful in the future
pre_cruise             |  do this before going on the cruise
during_cruise          | do this while on the boat
post_cruise            | do this immediately after returning
post_cruise_2          | do this after the cruise but not immediately
post_nasa_cdom_results | do this after data comes back from NASA
